Also one more thing.
It's pretty interesting.
So as we saw and start this background jazz.
So for example, let color.
Let her be considered.
So this file is being run inside the service worker.
So we can add this list here.
So that chrome dot runtime dot on install.
Third add listener.
So this is how we defined the callback.
Chrome dart storage.
So this is the storage API in the browser.
So chrome dot storage dot sync, which you can access from the service worker.
So now we can see our colors as well.
So we can save whatever data we want into the browser using storage.
So now we can save it through the browser as well.
Lets access it.
Chrome.
Dart Storage.
Dart Sync.
Dart Gate.
It.
So let's give a callback.
So now we'll receive the whole object using color destructor and get the colored property.
So console.log color.
Okay, let's try.
So I'll do fresh air.
Let's clear it and let's go back.
And let's go here and pick color.
Let's click on this.
And nothing is happening, but we're getting another.
And of undefined.
Again, we have to go to the manifest and we have to declare this permission of storage so that we can
use the storage API.
Now, it should work.
That's three fish.
No.
Let's go ahead.
The color picker.
Okay, So let's go to the console of the pop up.
And as you can see now, we can access the storage as well.
So let's add another extension.
So this is a famous extension which does the same thing.
So you can see options here.
So it opens a Web page for options.
Let's see.
An extension is very complex.
So you want another user interface for user to do whatever you want in a new web page.
So you can create a new web page by adding options.
The property of options.
So our options page and let's add options.
HTML.
So let's go to options dot HTML.
So it's great.
It's fun.
And here you can have your details detailed your way.
So similarly, we can add a JavaScript file for this here.
Let's not do it right now.
But you can if you want to, so you can add this folder settings.
So let's refresh.
And let's come here.
Color picker.
So let's right click on this.
And now we can see options.
So let's click on it.
Here you can have your detailed user interface.
So you can either custom settings for their extension here.
So finally, the exchange is ready.
Let's test it.
Finally.
I have apps.
I've opened this website.
Let's pick a color and let's pick any color we want.
Let's say this color.
And this is the color we are getting.
And I have stored this color clipboard, so it's working fine.
And if you want to publish it, you can do it as well.
You just have to create a Google account.
And just upload the zip file there.
And that way anybody can use that extension.
It's pretty simple stuff.
I hope you got some knowledge from this video and I'll see you in the next.